From: knobler, robert
To: fauci, anthony
CC: 
Date: 2020-02-05T10:55:00
Subject: 
Body: 
 
From: Robert Knobler ______             ""'
(b
")'""'
c=
--------:,,:,~
Sent: Wednesday , Febru ary 5, 2020 10:55 AM
To: Fauci , Anthony (NIH/N IAJD) [E]
----,-----         (b)(6) >
Su~j e ct: Pote ntial Approach to Wuhan Coronavirus
Dea r Dr. Fauc i,
You likely do not recall meeting me when J was looking at potential fellowships in 1978, however , l never forgot
your enthusiasm. 1 went out to San Diego and worked with Mike Oldstone, between 1979 and 1984.
l did study a mouse coronavirus while there, mouse hepatitis virus (MHV) . l focused on genetic resistance, and
eventually desc ribed a mouse locus for suscept ibility, which coded for the MHV receptor.
Lacking the correct receptor or blocking binding of the virus spike protein to the receptor wi th monoclonal
antibodies blocked infection .
On to the prese nt problem of human coronaviruses . Vaccines will take a long time for the current crisis. The
angiotensin converting enzyme 2 receptor has been identified as the relevant human coronavirus receptor in earlier
studies ofSARS and MERS human corona virns outbreaks. I am writing to suggest the investigat ion of ARBs as
potential block ing agents to eithe r reduce or completely block infection . Perhap s this can be checked . if correct ,
there may still be sufficient untainted supplies of ARBs, such as irbesartan, available, or production can be scaled
up, if this truly is the eve of a pandem ic.
Wishing you success in this endeavor. I am willing to cont ribute in any way l can. Please feel free to contact me by
e-mail or my cell phone.
Talso did do clinical trials whil e with M ike, and then when I joined the neu rology faculty of Jefferson in
Phi ladelphia. I have been out on my own since Decemb er 1998, but I have never lost my interest in this work . For
another tim e, I also have so me novel ideas on how HIV become s AIDS , as well. Ironica lly, the se ideas we re based
upon observati ons I made during my analy sis ofMHV.
All the Best ,
Rober t L Knobler, MD, PhD
(b)(6)
NIH-002 147
