Janet
All this sounds fine and workabl e.
Thanks ,
To ny
On Apr 7, 2020 , at 8:3 1 PM, Janet Tobias <janet@ ikan amed ia.com>wrote :
Dear Tony and Patty:
Responses to Burklow 's questions to me from your group call yesterday:
1) I think we have landed in the right place for the film about yom life . Nat Geo,
Di sney, and Bob Iger himse lf, all understand the need for discretion now but are
wi ldly supporti ve about relea sing a film that will celebrat e the importa nce of yo ur
life, science and public hea lth. I wan ted th e bes t hom e, broades t distribution , and
strongest team for your film. You have entrusted me with yo ur sto1y, so I ju st want
to do right by it. We are really happy wit h the filming that we have don e so far
personal         (b)(6) home, school) to work ( office etc) .
3) The other film we have been working on (ENDING AIDS), which fo llows
globa lly the H VTN trials/latest Aids research to complete " the too lbox" is definitely
still happening. It is now in pause with COVID-19 . . .. but will move forward again
when we get through this. Filming at research sites in South Africa, US, and Latin
America has been great...and when you have time - in the future- I w ill outline .
You obviously are a key subjec t in ENDING AIDS also , but ENDING AIDS will
spend a lot of time with doctors at the fie ld research sites and with volunt eers in the
trials. The Aids conference and meetings footage we have shot wi th you wi ll be
shared between films, smart ly and distinctly. END ING AIDS will be released a
year plus later than the release of your biographical film- I am focuse d on your film
now. Howard Hughes Medical Institute remai ns the educational pa1iner on ENDING
AIDS. In the fall we will fina lize the broadcast/streaming partner for ENDI NG
AIDS. So, bottom line it w ill be released a year after your film , and will be a film
focused on showing in detail where we are now with aids research and the key
people in the chain from you 10 a young fem ale voluntee r in South Africa/a you ng
male volunteer in Binningham.
FILMING REQUESTS for your film now.
4) NO more ask ing to film with the Task Force.
5) I do have two persona l filming requests for you - wo uld it be poss ible to drive to
NIH wi th you once or twice a week and capture your working/ap propriat e
conversat ions in the car. That will be so helpful narratively to tracking you r
scientific and comm unic ation leadership . The footage we did that first day is truly
great. We will just tum around and come back after the ride there--- in our follow
car (we have NIH access badges) . Second ly, wou ld it be possible to sit down with
you on camera for J 5 minutes once a week (on the weekend?) at the office or on the
back deck/some safe location to talk with me in real time about what you are
managing with treatments , vaccines , etc. so we can pull the
scientific /conunw1-icatio11nanative on COVID-19 through your film.
6) We love the live truck and the walks, so whenever that works we will be there.
7) l NEV ER ever want to interfere with the work on the Task Force, lives are at
stake. IF something doesn't work for filming no questions asked we don' t do it, we
stop, cancel/pivot. No need to explain, the team here understands and only wants to
do what works for you, your team ... ,          (b)( '1 .
With appreciation ,
Janet
