From: radin, gary
To: fauci, anthony
CC: 
Date: 2020-04-23T08:31:00
Subject: Another Possible Tool in The Fight Against SARS-CoV-2?
Body: 
 
Dr. Fauci---Forgive the crude and unsolicited manner in which I am attempting to reach out to
you but I don't reall y KNOW any other way!
I am not a medical doctor nor am I a principle investigator. I am just a Cytologist employed in
the Anatomic Pathology department at LA County-USC Medical Center here in Southern
California.
But I have been read ing a lot- -- and in my own exploration I have come across several articles
which suggest the possibility of using a class of agents called
SPHINGOSINE-1-PHOSPHATERECEPTOR            AGONISTSin combination with antivirals like
oseltamivir (or perhaps Remdesivir?) to treat both the viral pathogen responsibl e for the
current pandemic as well as the runaway immune response of the host leading to the oft fatal
cytokine storms.
Apparently these compounds have been approved for flare-ups of multiple sclerosis, and have
even been tried on Alzheimer's patients. The commonly known drug is FINGOLIMOD. But these
papers that I have cited for you below seem to indicate that structural analogs of this
compound could be important in damping down the dysregulated pro -inflammatory cascades
which seem to be leading to DIC, alveolar exudates and diffuse alveolar damage, capillary leak
syndrome and ultimately the multiple organ failure that is killing an unacceptably high number
of people.
The fly in the ointment Dr. Fauci here is that these 5-1-PR agonists have only been
demonstrated to be effective in non-human primates and other mammals. And much of these
studies on these compounds has been done not on coronaviruses but on influenza viruses .
So it would be a gamble. But is that not how we have learned much about human health and
disease is by the gracious sacrifice of our anim al cousins? And might it not be a general effect
that these sphingosine derivat ives have on viral sepsis so that maybe what works for influenza
might work for the coronavirus?
In the dire situation that many of the most critically ill COVID 19 patien ts find themselves, it
seems they are on the pr ecipice of a rapid demise once they begin to show certain key
laboratory resu lts---(sp ikes in 0-DIMER, C-Reactive Protein, Serum Ferritin, prolongation of
prothrombin and APTT, increased card iac troponin 1, surges in IL-6, IL-7, monocytic and
macrophage chemo-attractant cytokines etc) .
W ith pat ients isolated by these aberrant lab values, the window may be narrow but it may be a
time where application of antiviral compounds in combination with t hese inflamma t ory
mod ulat ors could have a striking impact on mor t ality? Indeed maybe even TWO different
antivirals with diff ering mechan isms of action in combination with these S1-PRAgonists would
even be better. And the possibilit ies of other combinat ions of course would be there for
further exploration .
Fully cognizant of the Hippocratic Oath to 'first do no harm' I still believe that at least the
medical rationale is sound for the inclusio n of these agents int o the possible arsena l of
therapeutics for the more severe COVID 19 patients.
Please refe r below to t he st udies I found particularly helpful or promis i ng. Perhaps yo u can put
together some 'teams ' to further explore investigate these opt ions??
We all appreciate everyt hi ng you have done, and continue to do !
Gary Radin
https://www .sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0140673620303056
https ://www.pnas.org/ conte nt/108/29 /12 018
https://www .clinical key .com/# !/con tent/p layContent/1-s2. 0-
S0042682214000063 ?return ur l=http s:%2F%2Flinkinghu b.elsevier .com%2 Fretrieve%2Fpii%2FS0
042682214000063%3Fshowall%3Dtrue&referrer=
Suppression of cytok ine storm with a
sphingosine analog prov ides protection
against pathogenic influen za virus                  I
PNAS
Human pandemic H1N1 2009 influenza virus rapidly
infected millions worldwide and was associated with
significant mortality. Antiviral drugs that inhibit influenza
virus replication are the primary therapy used to diminish
disease; however, there are two significant limitations to
their effective use: ( i) antiviral drugs exert selective
pressure on the virus, resulting in the generation of ...
www.pnas.org
https://www.thelancet.com / journals/lancet/article/PIISOl 40-6736(20)30566-3 /fu lltext
Clinical course and risk factors for mortality of adult inpatients
with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China: a retrospective cohort study
1   - The Lancet
The potential riskfactorsof older age, high SOFAscore,and d-dimer greater than 1
µg/ml could help cliniciansto identify patientswith poor prognosisat an early stage.
Prolongedviral shedding providesthe rationalefor a strategy of isolationof infected
patients and optimal antiviral interventionsin the future.
www.thelancet.com
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov /pmc/articles/PMC317 6439 /
Endothelial cells are central
orchestrators of cytokine
amplification during
influenza virus infection -
PubMed Central (PMC)
Cytokine storm during viral infection is
a prospectivepredictor of morbidity
and mortality,yet the cellularsources
remain undefined. Here, using genetic
and chemicaltools to probe functions
of the S1P 1 receptor,we elucidate
cellularand signaling mechanisms
important in initiating cytokine storm.
While S1P 1 receptor is expressedon
endothelial cells and lymphocytes
within lung tissue ...
www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov

